chore: add 4.17.0 release notes (#1764)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/core/releases/4.17.0.md

---
title: "4.17.0 release notes"
linkTitle: "4.17.0"
weight:
description: >
relevantLinks: >
toc_hide: true
---

## Known issues

Check the repository for the [latest known issues](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Affects%3A+4.17.0%22).

## Upgrade notes

### Breaking changes

None.

### UI/UX changes

None.

## Highlights

### Change password on first login

System admin users create accounts for CHWs and then share the password with them. To enhance the security of these accounts, CHT now supports a feature that prompts users to change their password upon their first login.

_NOTE: This feature is enabled by default but can be disabled for user roles based on the `can_skip_password_change` permission._

#### Details

> - Only new users will be prompted to change their password on their first login when the permission is enabled.

Reviewer: It would be super helpful to include screenshots of how the process looks like. This also kinda qualifies as a UI/UX change, so I would mention it in that section.

> - Only new users will be prompted to change their password on their first login when the permission is enabled.

Reviewer 2: No. The feature is enabled by default, but will not be applied to users _that have the permission._  (This is similar to the other feature-flagging we have done for various UX changes.)

> - Only new users will be prompted to change their password on their first login when the permission is enabled.

Reviewer: > Only new users will be prompted to change their password on their first login when the permission is disabled.

- Subsequent logins won’t require a password change unless the admin manually updates the user’s password. In this case, the user will be prompted to change their password on their next login.

> - The password change process is an *online action*, meaning the user needs an internet connection to complete the change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

IMHO we don't really need to mention this (since nothing really changed here).  A user who is offline will not be affected at all until they come back online. I think we risk adding confusion by bringing this up.

Author: Yes 👍

- If the user cannot change the password for any reason, they will be unable to access the app.

> - If a CHW logs in for the first time, but closes the app before changing the password, they will be prompted again to change it on their next login.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If a user logs in for the first time, but closes the app before changing their password, they will be prompted again to change their password the next time they open the app.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

See the [workflow documentation]( {{< ref "building/concepts/access#password-reset-on-first-login" >}} ) for more details.

```
